"I was going through the classifieds when i stumbled upon this stunning 2015 Jaguar XF 2.0ldiesel at 3m.Would you say this is a bargain considering its almost a new car with 11k mileage, bought&maintained at RMA, & would you pick it over an ex-japan w212 E-class or f10 BMW5series?"
"Immature people assume that bad feelings justify bad behavior. If they feel sad, they mope. If they are angry, they rage. If they are scared, they're defensive and churlish."
"Mature people experience their emotions, but  are able to choose more effective behaviors."
"It is as if they are angling for making a case for TVETs, not that they are bad, but why discredit degrees this much?"
"I felt this earthquake all the way to pwani mombasa!"
"Of course the curve is flattened, a trillion shilling debt will flatten anything!!!"
"ladies which page has the best hair? Those 22' ones.."
"Stalled.Landowners demand more compensation, youths claim contractor hires outsiders who pay bribes."
"I fell in love with this Jag when Clarkson drove it for 12hrs in some Top Gear episode."
"Tuesday morning on the river. Unbeatable wildlife experiences in Tanzania await when you stay at #serenambuzimawe"
"Difference is Redmi Note 9 Pro has a 64MP camera while the Redmi Note 9S has a 48MP camera."
"Everything else is the same."
"And then to tell youth to "start small and come to us for marketing your product" smacks.of exploitation."
"Tottenham are in talks to re-sign Gareth Bale from Real Madrid."
"The worst time to drive back from Machakos to Mombasa Road is between 5.30-6pm."
"Crazy fender bender due to blindness."
"I saw u at your lowest and still thought u were the greatest."
"Video of the shooting of two Tulsa police officers during a traffic stop. One of them was killed."
"Three-way data splits for model selection and performance estimation"
"offering to pay then he accepts"
"The Uganda Olympic Committee has launched the Health At Home Fitness campaign aimed at ensuring that people keep fit during this period of no sports activities."
"Stunning photos of Nameless and Wahu’s all-grown teen daughter causing a stir online"
"How much bigotry does Candace Owens have to spew before they let her be whyte? "
"California plans to make ethnic studies a requirement for public-school students."
"SERAP sues National Assembly over corruption probes"
"I'll never be ashamed of being taken fi eediat by someone I loved."
"My love was intentional and honest, what they chose to do with it is their shame to carry."
"Really??? Politicians are actually shaking hands. The nerve."
"Some days you’ll miss the bond but sis remember the disrespect"
"The family is not just getting $12 million, they have forced the city to reform policing"
"200 Senegalese Soldiers Test Positive For COVID-19"
"IM GOING TO FUCKING SCREAM I JUST JOINED MY FIRST ZOOM MEETING LECTURE AND MY NAME CAME UP ON THE SCREEN"
"BIG TITTY BITCH' FROM A FUCKING ZOOM PARTY WITH MY FRIENDS IN FUCKING APRIL"
"When Sir Peter Scott proposed the Latin name ‘Nessiteras Rhombopteryx’"
"Britons soak up the last of the summer sun as temperatures soar"
"With Maseno’s elevation to a town, the county plans to make it an education hub"
"Hustle shaming is bottom of the barrel trash!"
"not everything is usually pre arranged my good sis. Sometimes God just works things out when you least expect it."
"My manifestation gang, keep tweeting & praying for good things, you never know who’s watching."
"The way I act on my period lol....God help my husband during my pregnancy."
